Fix GT jobs creation (#7126)
opencv/cvat: changelog.d/20231110_183941_mzhiltsov_fix_gt_jobs.md

### Fixed

> - Ground Truth job creation for the whole task size

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- It is now possible to create Ground Truth jobs containing all frames in the task
```

  (<https://github.com/opencv/cvat/pull/7126>)

> - Incorrect Ground Truth chunks saving

Reviewer: Is it possible to add any more detail here (e.g. how it was incorrect)?
